Fix internal links (part 1) (#16131)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/ember_interactivity_events_state/index.md

>
```

> This new attribute is inside double curly braces, which tells you it is part of Ember's dynamic templating syntax. The first argument passed to `on` is the type of event to respond to (`keydown`), and the last argument is the event handler — the code that will run in response to the `keydown` event firing. As you may expect from dealing with [vanilla JavaScript objects](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Classes_in_JavaScript), the `this` keyword refers to the "context" or "scope" of the component. One component's `this` will be different from another component's `this`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new attribute is inside double curly braces, which tells you it is part of Ember's dynamic templating syntax. The first argument passed to `on` is the type of event to respond to (`keydown`), and the last argument is the event handler — the code that will run in response to the `keydown` event firing. As you may expect from dealing with [vanilla JavaScript objects](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Basics#what_is_this), the `this` keyword refers to the "context" or "scope" of the component. One component's `this` will be different from another component's `this`.
```
I think this link is more closer to 'vanilla object' and `this` together. Classes are not vanilla...

Author: Yes, there has been a restructuring here and the original link was no more correct. This one is better.
